Add guide section about array types (#236)
openjdk/jextract: doc/GUIDE.md

Through static inheritance, all the methods in the `Point` class are available through the
`MyPoint` class as well.

### Array Types

Jextract treats variables (global variables or struct/union fields) with an array type
specially. For instance, if we have a header file with the following declaration:

```c
// mylib.h

> int FOO_ARRAY[3][5];

Reviewer: Looking over the entire document, this is the only case where we use all caps. The other section on global variable uses lower case, so probably better to stick with that?

```

Jextract generates a few extra methods that are useful for working with arrays:

```java
// mylib_h.java

public static SequenceLayout FOO_ARRAY$layout() { ... } // 1
public static long[] FOO_ARRAY$dimensions() { ... } // 2

public static MemorySegment FOO_ARRAY() { ... } // 3
public static void FOO_ARRAY(MemorySegment varValue) { ... } // 3

public static int FOO_ARRAY(long index0, long index1) { ... } // 4
public static void FOO_ARRAY(long index0, long index1, int varValue) { ... } // 4
```

Jextract generates:

1. a layout accessor, just like we have for a regular variable, but note that the return
  type is [`SequenceLayout`].

> 2. a `$dimensions` meta-deta accessor, which returns the _dimensions_ of the array type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. a `$dimensions` meta-data accessor, which returns the _dimensions_ of the array type.
```

  This method returns a `long[]` where each element represents the length of a dimension

>   of the array type. For instance, in the example `FOO_ARRAY` has a two dimension, whose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the array type. For instance, in the example `FOO_ARRAY` has two dimensions, whose
```

>   lengths are `3` and `5`, so the `FOO_ARRAY$dimensions` method will return a `long[]`

Author: Yeah, good call.

  with two elements whose values are `3` and `5` in that order.

> 3. a getter and setter pair for the array variable. Note that the getter replaces the usual

Reviewer: Should we start from this?

Author: I maintained the source order, but we can re-order (I did that for the function example as well).
